Chakra JavaScript Engine

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chakra_(JavaScript_engine)

Chakra is a JavaScript engine developed by Microsoft for its Microsoft
Edge web browser. It is a fork of the JScript engine used in Internet
Explorer. Like the Edge layout engine and unlike previous versions in
Internet Explorer the declared intention is that it will reflect the
"Living Web".[1] On December 5, 2015, it was announced that core
components of Chakra will be open-sourced as ChakraCore.

https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-windows/tree/master/current/ReactWindows/ChakraBridge

ChakraCore

Following an initial announcement on December 5, 2015, Microsoft
open sourced the Chakra engine as ChakraCore, including all the key
components of the JavaScript engine powering Microsoft Edge on their
GitHub page under the MIT license on January 13, 2016.
ChakraCore is essentially the same as the Chakra engine that powers
the Microsoft Edge browser, but with platform-agnostic bindings, i.e.
without the specific interfaces utilised within the Windows Universal
App platform.

Microsoft has also created a project on GitHub that allows Node.js to
use ChakraCore as its JavaScript engine instead of V8.

https://github.com/nodejs/node-chakracore

Node.js on ChakraCore

This project enables Node.js to optionally use the ChakraCore
JavaScript engine. This project is still work in progress and not an
officially supported Node.js branch. For more context into this
project, please refer to the original PR.

How it works

To enable building and running Node.js with the ChakraCore JavaScript
engine, a V8 API shim (ChakraShim) is created on top of the ChakraCore
runtime hosting API (JSRT. ChakraShim implements the most essential V8
APIs so that the underlying JavaScript engine change is transparent to
Node.js and other native addon modules written for V8.

A rebuild of node and native addon modules with ChakraCore is required
for this to work.

