Timelines

----

http://timeglider.com/widget/index.php

Timeglider JS is a zooming, panning data-driven timeline widget
written in Javascript. This widget is the core of our our timeline
authoring and publishing app, and can be integrated into any HTML
application environment.

Timelines can be zoomed by dragging the vertical slider at right: up
for zooming in (less time shown) and down for zooming out (more time
shown). The mousewheel also works as a zoom controller. Any white area
on the "stage" of the timeline can be dragged left and right, as can
the blue "ruler" which marks out different units of time. Clicking on
an event brings up a small modal window with a description and links
if any are provided in the data. Briefly:

Timeglider works well on iOS and Android touch devices; Windows
Surface devices are still problematic. We're working on a mobile list
view for the phone-portrait experience. Data is imported into the
widget with a straightforward JSON format, but data can also come from
JavaScript objects (that you can create) existing on the page already.
This code is not Open Source: Using the widget is free for
non-commercial use; for commercial applications, we have a couple
licensing options. If you plan to do a commercial implementation, you
are welcome to experiment locally or at test-scale as much as you'd
like with the entire code base. We no longer have our code on Github,
and are going to do our best to provide complete code reference here
on our site.

----

Latest version of TimeGlider is not free.

Last free version of TimeGlider:
https://github.com/timeglider/jquery_widget/tree/345442fa3dc7c66b23c36031a6569693ecf309bd

----

alternatives:

http://almende.github.io/chap-links-library/timeline.html
https://github.com/Lab21k/standalone-timeline/
http://timeline.knightlab.com/
https://github.com/simile-widgets/exhibit
http://web.archive.org/web/20070305233657/http://simile.mit.edu/timeline/

----

JSON timeline formats:

TimelineJS JSON data format
https://timeline.knightlab.com/docs/json-format.html

Timeline JSON data
This demo shows how to feed the Timeline with JSON data. No Google
DataTable is used, and therefore the Google JSAPI is not needed by the
Timeline, which can thus be used offline.
https://almende.github.io/chap-links-library/js/timeline/examples/example17_json_data.html

TimelineJS examples (no longer under development):
https://github.com/NUKnightLab/TimelineJS/blob/master/examples/example_json.json

----

TimelineJS3 (active development):
https://github.com/NUKnightLab/TimelineJS3

TimelineJS v3: A Storytelling Timeline built in JavaScript.
http://timeline.knightlab.com

----
